0517 list chunks (#821)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/conversation_api.md

}

```

## Get document chunks

Get the chunks of the document based on doc_name or doc_id.
### Path: /api/list_chunks/
### Method: POST

### Parameter:

> | name     | type   | optional | description                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name     | Type   | Optional | Description                     |

```

|----------|--------|----------|---------------------------------|

> | doc_name | string | Yes      | The doc name in knowledge. It can not be empty without doc_id.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| doc_name | string | Yes      | The name of the document in the knowledge base. It must not be empty if `doc_id` is not set.|

```

> | doc_id   | string | Yes      | The doc_id of doc. It can not be empty without doc_name.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| doc_id   | string | Yes      | The ID of the document in the knowledge base. It must not be empty if `doc_name` is not set.|

```
